#29: Refactored finding and deleting instances (#30)
exasol/extension-manager-interface: doc/changes/changes_0.1.13.md

# Extension Manager Interface 0.1.13, released 2022-09-12

Code name: Refactor finding and deleting an instance

## Summary

This release contains the following changes:

> * SqlClient
>     * Method `runQuery` renamed to `execute`
>     * Added method `query` which returns the result of a `SELECT` query
> * Extension:
>     * Method `deleteInstance` removes parameters `installation: Installation, instance: Instance` and adds `instanceId: string`
>     * Method `readInstanceParameters` removes parameters `installation: Installation, instance: Instance` and adds `instanceId: string`
>     * Method `findInstances` removes parameter `installation: Installation` and adds `version: string`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SqlClient
    * Renamed Method `runQuery` to `execute`
    * Added method `query` which returns the result of a `SELECT` query
* Extension:
    * Method `deleteInstance`: removed parameters `installation: Installation, instance: Instance` and added `instanceId: string`
    * Method `readInstanceParameters`: removed parameters `installation: Installation, instance: Instance` and added `instanceId: string`
    * Method `findInstances`: removed parameter `installation: Installation` and added `version: string`
```
